Making process_watchdog part of manager_param and removed a process_watchdog check to reflect current state of watchdogs in OpenWPM (#787)
mozilla/OpenWPM: docs/Platform-Architecture.md

## Watchdogs
In OpenWPM we have a so called watchdog that tries to ensure two things.
- `process_watchdog`
    * It is part of default manager_params. It is set to false by default which can manually be set to true.

>     * It is used to create another thread that kills off `GeckoDriver` (or `Xvfb`) instances that haven't been spawned by OpenWPM. (GeckoDriver is used by Selenium to control Firefox and Xvfb a "virtual display" so we simulate having graphics when running on a server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * It is used to create another thread that kills off `GeckoDriver` (or `Xvfb`) instances that aren't currently controlled by OpenWPM. (GeckoDriver is used by Selenium to control Firefox and Xvfb a "virtual display" so we simulate having graphics when running on a server).
```
Usually these instances have been spawned by OpenWPM but we forgot to close them when handling an exception or similiar
